README.md, before:

# CineToday RSS
Server with endpoint to return an rss of movies showing today in the list of given theaters

## Usage:

### Run the server

#### Run the server locally


* Start a python virtual environment.
* Install requirements: `pip install -r requirements/prod.txt`
* Copy the `prod.env.template` file to `prod.env` and enter the authorization keys needed to access the allocine api.
    - Alternatively, set the following environment variables:
        - `AUTHORIZATION`
        - `AC_AUTH_TOKEN`
* Run the server:
    ```
    python -m cinetodayrss.main
    ```

#### Run the server in Docker

* Pull the docker image: `docker pull ghcr.io/caarmen/cine-today-rss:latest`
  - Alternatively: Build the docker image: `docker build -t cine-today-rss`.
* Run the server passing in your authorization keys as environment variables:
    ```
    docker run --env authorization="..." --env ac_auth_token="..." --detach --publish 8000:8000 ghcr.io/caarmen/cine-today-rss
    ```


### Query the server

Query the endpoint for some theater ids:
    ```
    curl "http://localhost:8000/moviesrss?theater_ids=VGhlYXRlcjpQMDAwNQ==&theater_ids=VGhlYXRlcjpQMDAzNg=="
    ```

Commit message:

Add a note in the README about running the container in a specific timezone

README.md, after:

# CineToday RSS
Server with endpoint to return an rss of movies showing today in the list of given theaters

## Usage:

### Run the server

#### Run the server locally


* Start a python virtual environment.
* Install requirements: `pip install -r requirements/prod.txt`
* Copy the `prod.env.template` file to `prod.env` and enter the authorization keys needed to access the allocine api.
    - Alternatively, set the following environment variables:
        - `AUTHORIZATION`
        - `AC_AUTH_TOKEN`
* Run the server:
    ```
    python -m cinetodayrss.main
    ```

#### Run the server in Docker

* Pull the docker image: `docker pull ghcr.io/caarmen/cine-today-rss:latest`
  - Alternatively: Build the docker image: `docker build -t cine-today-rss`.
* Run the server passing in your authorization keys as environment variables:
    ```
    docker run --env authorization="..." --env ac_auth_token="..." --detach --publish 8000:8000 ghcr.io/caarmen/cine-today-rss
    ```
☝️ Note, by default, the docker container runs in the UTC timezone. Therefore, it will query the allocine api providing datetimes in utc. This may not be the desired behavior. To make the docker container run in a specific timezone, specify the `TZ` environment variable. For example, to specify a Paris timezone, use `--env TZ=Europe/Paris`:
```
docker run --env TZ=Europe/Paris --env authorization="..." --env ac_auth_token="..." --detach --publish 8000:8000 ghcr.io/caarmen/cine-today-rss
```

### Query the server

Query the endpoint for some theater ids:
    ```
    curl "http://localhost:8000/moviesrss?theater_ids=VGhlYXRlcjpQMDAwNQ==&theater_ids=VGhlYXRlcjpQMDAzNg=="
    ```
